Fix 18745 Visibility filter in the GithubEntityProvider is case-sensitive (#19333)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/ninety-panthers-guess.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-catalog-backend-module-github': patch
---

> changed visibilityfilter and visibility to lowercase to prevent case-sensitive error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug where the visibility filter was case sensitive and casting was inconsistent. 
```

> Fixed a bug where the visibility filter was case sensitive and casting was inconsistent. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug where the visibility filter was case sensitive and casting was inconsistent.

```
